hey guys thanks for coming back to my
channel I know I've been missing for
like a really long time I've just been
super super busy and I've been really
sick my wisdom tooth is coming out and
I'm not sure if you guys can notice but
this side of my face is a lot bigger
than the side I'm really swollen and I'm
on medication and I'm probably not going
to talk to you good I'm probably going
to mumble any words and this is going to
be really really quick video so as you
can see in the title this is a soft lips
lip balm review and giveaway so the
first thing I'm going to do is let you
see what I got from soft lips the
products were sent to me for free and
the giveaway is going to be hosted by
soft lips so whatever I got in this
video from soft lips you're going to be
getting the same thing as well so I'm
going to start off with the names and
then i'm going to give you information
on how the product actually works and
everything in my opinion and then i will
go ahead and give you information on how
to enter the giveaway for in the contest
okay so this is going to be nope this is
going to be this is their winter
collection okay and it's a limited
edition so you can get these products
anywhere from now because we're november
i got them like two weeks ago anywhere
from now they're saying up to the
holiday season so i guess maybe january
ish then they're going to stop selling
them so it's really cool product to have
just because they're limited edition if
you're into cosmetics or into soft lips
so it's pretty cool um we're going to go
into the actual names and stuff like
that they all they're all SPF 20 so
they're going to protect your lips so
that's really really good and keep them
nice and condition this one a sugar
cookie okay this one is sugar and spice
and everything nice
this one is mint with a hint of vanilla
sugar plum fairy and last but not least
we have winter mint and they're all as
fifth 28 like I said um a quick note if
my camera looks really bad it's because
I'm have to have a record this on my
macbook I lost my charger and my camera
is dead so that's why it's on here and
another thing i do want to apologize
it's a soft lips because i got their
stuff a couple of weeks ago but like i
said i am a total mess and i'm so busy
and my stupid wisdom tooth so I'm sorry
okay I feel sick okay anyway um now SPF
20 they are lip protectant and flash
sunscreen it has like the ingredients on
the package which is really cool and
then it says helps to prevent sunburn
temporary temporary protects chapped and
written burned lips they're all clear as
you can see they have a really really
nice sheen to them and they do condition
my lips this is a complete honest review
some people do reviews i'm not saying
any names i'm not judging anybody but
with a lie sometimes and say oh this
stuff is great or hate on the product I
mean I have no complaints on these I
think it was a good thing that maybe I
didn't do the video right away because
i've been using the products a lot and i
got the full effect and I really really
truly like them and to be honest with
you my favorite one is a sugar cookie
that's my favorite favorite one when you
put these on every single one has like
kind of like the same feeling of course
different tastes and different sense but
your lips feels so refreshing and like
how guys when it like minty link if you
have chapped lips this is going to be
good this is going to be perfect for you
because you're going to feel like it's
really really helping your looks the
only downside to this is and I think
it's my fault is because I have really
really dry cracked lips on a daily basis
year-long forever I bite my lips a lot
like too much I know it's sick and it's
gross but that's
me so I kind of eat it off so it only
lasts maybe like 15 20 minutes top boom
my lips are dry again I have to reapply
more but if you don't have really bad
chapped lips and if you just want to put
some lip balm on just keep it
moisturized or put it under your
lipstick or lip gloss this is going to
work great for you and I'm sure it's
going to last a lot longer they're very
very I don't know how to say they're
very like I shows pigmented I might seem
them like well this is a very pigmented
eyeshadow look at the swatch they smell
good that's how I know how to say that's
all I'm gonna say I'm not making any
sense that i'm not gonna edit edit blah
i'm not going to edit this video okay
just because I hope feel good even
though it's unprofessional but okay um
they're true to their name I'm going to
say that this one says it's all that
wintermint you're going to smell this it
smells with mints the best and favorite
one that I think that the best chapstick
ever to be made is this one the sugar
cookie the drelvish smell something and
you can actually taste the way that it
would taste if it were real like a candy
or something not a candy but like those
jellybeans where you smell them and one
smells like popcorn those little jelly
beans and you can actually taste it in
your mouth because the scent is so
strong you can taste it that's exactly
the way that these smell they smell
amazing and you get all five of these
you can get these and you can get the
whole complete collection for 999 they
sell them in any food or retail store
nationwide if you're ever interested in
getting these you can also go to soft
lips calm i will leave a link down below
you can get these online or like I said
nationwide any food or retail store you
can get these individually for 399 um
and that's what we bought it so now it's
giveaway time yeah
I know you're probably thinking like
whoa she's talking so much just get to
the damn giveaway we don't care what the
hell do you think about these chopsticks
we just want them and I'm sure you guys
can do it for yourself so I'm just going
to jump right into it okay so you
already know what you get you get all of
these five babies over here now concept
and some rules rule number one must be
such a subscriber to my channel rule
number two if you're not 18 or older you
must acts of parents permission to enter
the giveaway just because I'm going to
need your address and you can only
comment on this video and enter on this
video below only not on my channel not
on any other video you're going to be
getting the same exact ones I have not
these ones but soft lips is going to
send you five of the same ones i have so
actually soft lips is hosting this
giveaway not me um and that's really
about it the concept for the giveaway is
i love the holiday season and love
Thanksgiving I love Christmas so let me
know what are some things you love about
the holiday season so you completely
honest I'm not exactly sure if i'm going
to use random.org to pick the winner if
I'm just going to pick it someway
somehow I'll leave you guys updated
really does it make a difference there's
going to be one winner I'm not exactly
sure if it's going to be international
so just everybody can enter they say
that they sell their stuff nationwide so
I'm sure that they wouldn't mind if
you're an international person who
entered in the contest so go ahead and
enter just let me know what's your
favorite thing about the holiday season
whether it's Christmas or presence or
turkey or mistletoe or trees I don't
know or snow whatever it is just go
ahead and leave comments below and I
will announce the winner probably within
the next week or so i'll keep you guys
updated and that's really about it be
sure to comment rate and subscribe and i
will talk to you guys later bye